Switch type support (#5)
yuzisun/kserve: docs/samples/graph/README.md

### **2.2 Single Node**
**Single Node** makes user can connect 2 isvcs in a sequence relationship. The
`routes` field defines the first `isvc`, and if this node is not the tail node of the graph, it will have one `nextRoute` as the second `isvc`. User can choose `$request` or `$response` from the first `isvc` as the input data to send to the second `isvc`.

![image](singleNode.png)
```yaml
...
root:
  routerType: Single 
  routes:
  - service: isvc1
  nextRoutes:
  - nodeName: isvc2
    data: $request
...
```
### **2.3 Switch Node**
**Switch Node** makes user can select an `isvc` to handle the request by setting the `condition`. Usually, user doesn't need to set the `serviceURL`, kserve will fill it with `isvc.status.address.URL` of `isvc`, but if you want to specified the `serviceURL`, you can set it manually. 

![image](switchNode.png)
```yaml
mymodel:
  routerType: Switch
  routes:
  - service: isvc1
    serviceUrl: http://isvc1.default.example.com/splitter
    condition: "{.target == \"blue\"}"
  - service: isvc2
    serviceUrl: http://isvc2.default.example.com/splitter
    condition: "{.target != \"blue\"}"
  nextRoutes:
  - nodeName: isvcM
    data: $response
```

> We use `k8s.io/client-go/util/jsonpath` to parse the condition, Because of the kubernetes jsonpath can not support `map` fillter, so we make a little changes on the input data and `condition`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use `k8s.io/client-go/util/jsonpath` to parse the condition, because the kubernetes jsonpath can not support `map` input, we make a change on the input data and `condition`:
```

* wrap the input data up to an `array`, for example: 

**origin input data:**
```json
{
  "target": "blue",
  "server_counter": 0,
  "target_counter": 8
}
```
**after convert**
```json
{
  "items": [
    {
      "target": "blue",
      "server_counter": 0,
      "target_counter": 8
    }
  ]
}
```
* change the `condition` to 

**origin condition**
```json

> "{.target == \"blue\"}"

Reviewer: what happens when the input data itself is an array?

Author: > what happens when the input data itself is an array?

[k8s issue](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues/20352)

kubernetes jsonpath does not support multi fillters, I madel some tests, this solution won't work when condition is already in an array. 

I am looking for new solution or libary, any suggestions?
